---
title: "About"
image: images/navya.jpg
about:
  template: jolla
  links:
    - icon: twitter
      text: Twitter
      href: https://twitter.com
    - icon: linkedin
      text: LinkedIn
      href: https://linkedin.com
    - icon: github
      text: Github
      href: https://github.com/Navyareddy31/
---

As a dedicated and self-driven Software Engineer, I bring over two years of extensive experience in designing, developing, and testing SQL queries for applications. My proficiency extends to both backend and front-end development, showcasing strong skills in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, C#, SQL, ADO.NET, Angular, and ASP.NET (API & MVC). Throughout my career, I have demonstrated competence in analyzing requirements, providing solutions, and collaborating with cross-functional teams. I am well-versed in the full Software Development Lifecycle, object-oriented programming, and agile methodologies. My role as an SQL Developer Intern at Znalytics Business Solutions involved maintaining procedural codes, collaborating with diverse teams, and troubleshooting issues to deliver high-quality products within deadlines. In my recent position as a Software Engineer at Capgemini, I actively contributed to the development of a Laundry Management System. My responsibilities included backend development, implementing CRUD functionalities, and ensuring code quality through extensive testing using tools like Swagger. I possess a keen understanding of business and industry requirements, allowing me to identify and correct deviations from database development standards. I hold a Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication Engineering from the Hyderabad Institute of Technology and Management (JNTUH), India. My core competencies encompass software development, general programming skills, software debugging, software documentation, software testing, and analytical problem-solving skills. Proficient in a range of technologies including JavaScript, C#, SQL, Angular, and ASP.NET, I am also adept at using tools such as Postman, Swagger, GitHub, Azure, Visual Studio, SQL Server Data Tools (SSDT), and SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS). During my internship, I gained hands-on experience in creating dynamic web page elements, implementing form error validations, and designing web pages using various technologies. I also contributed to projects involving Smart Home System design on FPGA in VLSI, Electronic Hardware design, and telemetry analysis. In summary, I am a versatile and committed professional with a proven track record in software engineering, backed by a solid educational foundation and a passion for staying abreast of new challenges in the ever-evolving field of technology.
